Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Will any of you
ever actually understand
that my species was never designed
for running.
Come on. Abe. running keeps you fit
and extends your life expectancy.
On this last point.
I can only agree with you.
My life expectancy will considerably
shorten the second I'll stop running.
If my calculations are correct. the
palace of King Zamban is the next left.
Well. I calculate
that you can't calculate.
Nice. let me know when they're gone!
I won't last long.
- Stay put Abe!
- Oh. I'm not going anywhere!
Meg. on my signal. step on the gas!
- Wait. what?!
- Are you sure about this?
- Now!
- Alrighty. brace yourselves.
Oh boy...
- Well done Meg! Now. hang on to me!
- Why??
Am I dead now? Is this heaven?
Ewww... Not heaven.
Woow. the palace of Zamban!
The King who raised culinary art
to the status of the art of living.
If you ask me. those people have been
more successful at the art of dying.
He had one of his magi design a utensil
that would allow him to swallow
any type of food.
whether poisonous or spoiled. without
suffering the slightest inconvenience:
The Holy Spork.
We'll need to climb.
Go ahead. I'll wait for you here.
Oh. don't bother.
Hey. is that my whip?!
Crolloq!
Oh. glad to see you still remember me.
Megan...
After leaving me for dead.
What? No. I only left you...
But you were definitely alive.
True. but while searching for
the Fountain of Middle Age all alone.
I might add. I fell into a pit
and was trapped there for five years.
forced to subsist on tiny insects
and tinier grubs.
The only thing that kept me alive was
dreaming about this very moment...
What about the tiny insects
and tinier grubs?
Oh sorry. it's your own backstory.
- Flash them all!
- I haven't recharged yet.
Wow! I can't believe you're right here
in front of me. I read all about you.
Oh. by the way. I'm Chickenhare.
Ohhh. I know who you are. Chickenhare.
I too read all about you
and Meg's exploits... Blablabla.
I'm right here.
Well. it's time for Crolloq
to come back into the spotlight.
I've been in the shallows long enough.
No hard feelings Meg!
You'll eventually get used to it
you know.
me outdoing you
on future treasure hunts and all...
Crolloq is back!
- Well done boss!
- You're the best!
Miggie. Rolf. let's go!
- Okay boss!!
Don't worry Meg. we can't win them all.
It's not that. it's...
More complicated...
Well at least for once
the ground isn't shaking.
No traps. deadly things
or cliches of the kind.
Which is rather good news.
I can't believe that you were friends
with the great Crolloq!
She was on my top three adventurers
when I was a kid.
Believe me. being around her every day
wasn't so nice...
Abe? What are you holding?? Is it...
Guys. are you okay?
Yeah. we're fine! What is this stuff?
Tiny letters?!
Oh yes. I remember! My mother used to
cook it for me. and made it with...
Burning hot tomato sauce!
Abe! What's under the dome?
Anything useful?
Yuck. it's a stuffed tomato.
I would say... 3000 years old.
"Only a full stomach
will stop the flow of abundance."
Wowowowo. I'm not gonna eat that!
Come on. Abe! If it really is the Holy
Spork you won't feel the difference!
You can do it. come on!
That's it. you got this!
Close your eyes and do it!
Do it!!
Do it now!
I've had worse.
- Aaaabe!
Aaahhh. it's not working!!
What? But my stomach is full!!
A weighing scale?
Ooooh. I get it!
Guys! It was just a matter of weight!
Oh right. hold on!
Hang on guys!
You're the one that needs to hang on!!!
I clearly think this is the Universe
telling us that
we should stop adventuring and open
a restaurant together instead...
- Are you kidding me?
- We're going to do this forever!
- They're back!
- They're back. they're back!
Chickenhare! Chickenhare!
Oooh. he looked at me!
What are you talking about?!
We made eye contact!
And you would want to trade this
for a restaurant?
Maybe the restaurant can wait...
A little.
- Hey dad!
- Son. you're back!
- Come give your old man a hug!
- Come on dad...!
How was it?
Did you find it?
- Did you find the Holy Spork?
- You tell me!!
Ooohoho. absolutely stunning!!
Dad. everything okay?
Oh. it's a fake! I knew it! I've got
three words for you guys...
rest... au... rant.
We need to talk. Tonight.
Son. how much do you know
about the Groundhog
with the Backward-Facing-Face?
They say it gives someone the ability
to change one thing from the past.
And that's one of the most powerful
artifacts in the world.
That's right!
Eons ago. Queen Ingrid the Indecisive
ruled much of the known world.
She was paralyzed by fears that
she could make wrong decisions.
And she remembered the Groundhog's
ability to see the future.
You mean like the ability to tell
if spring will come early. eh?
Yes! She decided to find a way
to alter that power
so that they can see
and change the past.
All the groundhogs were captured
for her to conduct her experiments.
She spent years on it but eventually.
she figured it out.
And the Groundhog with
the Backward-Facing-Face was born...
Able to change a specific thing from
our past and thus. change the present.
What did Queen Ingrid change?
That was all the irony... Knowing that
the Groundhog would only be able to
change one thing from the past.
she became even more obsessed about
the past itself.
She constantly fretted about
what to change. And...
She slowly went mad. And never used it.
And... That's how the Groundhog
was lost to the world.
My great-great-grandfather created
a file in our royal archives.
I've never read anything about
the Groundhog's legend.
That's because...
Well. I stole the file.
- What?! You stole it. Dad?
- What!! That one is terrible!!
I was worried that my brother Lapin
would use it to make it like
I was never born...
So that he could become king.
Over the years. I studied the file.
trying to find any clue that would
reveal the Groundhog's location.
There was a piece of parchment that
had nothing but three holes in it.
I used every known process
to reveal anything at all.
- What did you want to change?
- Nothing.
I wanted to destroy the Groundhog.
Because changing the past
is a power that nobody should possess.
It could change the world
as we know it.
Well. a world without chocolate liquor
candies would suit me perfectly.
Queen Ingrid was very close cousins
with King Zamban.
I remembered that when I saw the symbol
at the bottom of the Spork...
What if their great treasures
were linked?
You mean that the combined magic of
those two artifacts could reveal...
Come on! There are three holes
in this parchment.
Just put the spork in! What's the point
of keeping this suspense going?
Just admit that you're totally excited
about it!
- Never!
- Young people...!
Ooh. the Isle of Idle Hands?!
- Sounds actually kind of relaxing...
- Look!!
Stand watch when the sky's last alight
All will be revealed in plain sight
Impressive how poetry stands
the test of time.
Anyway if the Hamster of Darkness
taught me anything.
it's that an X always marks the spot.
And I don't see any...
Abe's right.
The only thing I know about this island
is that Carl lives here. in Hilly-City.
Wait. Carl... the Cartographer?
Oh. how convenient!
Indeed! Then hopefully
he'll be able to help us with this map.
Help us?
I think it's time
I came out of retirement
and joined you guys on an adventure.
You know.
make sure you're not getting too cocky.
We'd love to have you.
If you think you can keep up.
Don't you worry about me. son.
I forgot more about adventuring
than you guys know!
I have to host the diplomats
from Zanubi later this week.
But as soon as they're gone.
we'll leave.
Ok guys! Are we all set?
Sure thing. Chickenhare. We increased
the difficulty level as you asked.
We made it as tough as possible!
You might wanna be extra careful
with the rotating cactus!
Oh yep. this one's pretty vicious!
Sure will!
And what's the next adventure
on your bucket list by the way?
Sorry guys. but if I tell you.
I'll have to kill you!
He's joking. right?
Let's go!!
Chickenhare. I need to talk to you.
Gina. right? You're an archivist.
I'm sorry
but I have to train right now.
It's urgent.
I don't know where to start...
As my dad always tells me.
"don't think. just blurt"
- I'm your sister Chickenhare!
- What??!
Maybe we should stop the training?
Ouch!!
Oh. I'll take that as a yes.
I'm not King Peter's daughter.
I'm the daughter of your real father...
What do you mean?
Your birth father.
How can you be my sister?
You're not a...
A chickenhare?
It's true. you are quite unique.
Those feathers...
I have a sister!
Oh... Oh my gosh.
I have so many questions!!
But first.
let me tell you why I'm here.
I'm from...
We're from a hidden island far away.
For centuries. our people have been fed
by the Tree of Life.
But as time went by. the tree got sick.
Since then. it gives less and less
fruits. meaning our people are doomed.
The day you came to life.
our father knew you were special.
He was also convinced that only a great
adventurer could save the dying tree.
So when he heard about this great
and kindhearted adventurer...
My dad!
He decided to put you on his path
when you were just a baby.
To be raised as one.
Only you. Chickenhare. can save us.
Listen. we all have a part to play.
I was trained in the way of the
Out There -
that's what we call
everything outside of our Island.
So that when I came here
three years ago.
I could pass as a native
and get a job as an archivist...
You've been here three years?!
And you didn't say anything!
I couldn't distract you
until my plan was ready.
Your plan? What plan?
To find the Groundhog
With The Backward-Facing-Face
so we can save our tree.
Wait. were you there last night?
For three years.
I tore apart the archives
looking for the Groundhog's file. but
I couldn't find a single thing on it.
You need to get that map so we can find
the Groundhog
With The Backward-Facing-Face.
I can't steal from my Dad!
What about our father. Our people?!
Let's talk to my dad. explain it...
No! You heard him. King Peter thinks
the Groundhog has to be destroyed.
- But if it's destroyed...
- Hey. Chickenhare?
Oh. hey. Dad! Daddio...
My Dad!
This is Gina. one of the archivists
at the Royal Adventure Society.
That is my only connection to her.
We just met. For the first time...
Ever.
It's a pleasure meeting you.
King Peter.
I just came by to introduce myself
to Chickenhare.
tell him what a big fan of his I am.
Yeah!
That's exactly what she was doing!
Well. then... Nice to meet you. Gina!
You too!
See you later. dad!
I can't do this!!
You have to. Chickenhare.
We all rely on you for our lives.
You're our only hope.
- What's wrong. son?
- Oh. um. nothing.
Does it have something to do with today
when you were talking
to that archivist?
No. of course not.
You know you can tell me everything.
right?
I know dad. Well. it's just...
I've been thinking...
What I tell you about thinking?
Just blurt it out. son!
About the Groundhog
with the Backward-Facing-Face!
Is there a problem with me
coming with you? Because if there is...
No. it's not that. It's just. um...
I was thinking that maybe...
We shouldn't destroy it. you know.
- Can't it be good to change the past?
- No! I already told you!
- This magic is dangerous!
- How would you know?
Because I know so. What is even
the point of changing the past?
We could save people!
You have no idea
what you're talking about. young boy.
Sir. apologies.
The Zanubi contingent
is on its way out.
Very well. I'm coming right away.
Get this idea out of your head. son.
So you're the Chosen One?
And I thought
the search for the Hamster of Darkness
was filled with tropes.
But this "chosen one" story
is beyond my wildest expectations.
Abe!
Sorry! No offense. Chickenhare.
but this soufflé is the Chosen One.
If that happened to somebody else.
I'd have the perfect retort.
So what is the plan?
I don't want to lie to my dad. But he
would never let us use the groundhog.
My people will be doomed.
Well. whatever you decide.
we'll be with you all the way.
Right Abe?
Sure! I guess...
But if we have to go.
then it's tonight.
Ok. fair enough...
I'll make sandwiches.
Oh ahahaha. you're it!
You're it!
- You're it!
You're it. you're it. you're it!
WOULD YOU STOP IT?!
Sorry. boss!
Time out!
What did you learn?
That Featherbeard is a great place
for vacations.
Yep. soooo many things to do.
including a very bustling nightlife.
I meant about Chickenhare's plans
for his next adventure.
- Oh. it's a good one.
- Really good one.
Remember how stunned I was
when we found out?
Yeah. you were like...
I didn't look anything like that.
Ohhh yes. you did!
I have a photo perfect memory!
What is he going after?
The Groundhog
With The Backward-Facing-Face.
- That's exactly how you looked.
- That's exactly how I looked.
So. will Meg be joining him?
I'd assume so. They're so close.
more like siblings than friends really.
A simple "yes" would have sufficed.
Now that I'm thinking about it.
This is perfect.
I will find the Groundhog With
The Backward-Facing-Face first
and change the past so that Chickenhare
won't be able to steal Meg from me.
So she and I will be together again.
For eternity!!
Prepare the airship. we're moving out.
- Okay boss!
Don't be too hard on yourself.
Chickenhare.
I lied to my dad. I stole.
Trust me.
you did it for the right reasons...
For our people. for your people.
You must be kidding!
Why would I?
Is that your friends?
They're the best adventurers I know!
I'd put my life in their hands
in a heartbeat.
Why are you taking this thing on board?
Four words: long trip bad sciatica.
Meg. Abe. this is Gina. my sister.
- Ooh. I see the resemblance.
- I know! Right?!
Does nobody in your family get sarcasm
or is that just a recessive gene?
Don't pay attention.
he's always like that...
Welcome aboard. Gina!
Let's give that guy a little room.
Abe! You're supposed to be on watch!
What-Oh. Sorry.
this armchair is way too comfy...
What are you doing? Ooh. come on.
I've become attached to that chair!
Woooow!!!
This cartographer.
is he really that good?
From what they say. he is the best!
See I never wanted to be
a cartographer.
That was all about pleasing my mom.
Always been a people-pleaser.
Stop moving!
But I just turned eighty. man.
and I said. "Carl. it's time
you followed your passion."
Wow. you're remarkably... Consistent.
So. what kind of tattoos
would you guys like?
I can't choose...
Don't worry about the price.
I'm going to give you guys
the Friends and Family Discount...
- Wow. That's...
- So generous.
But uh. we were hoping to talk to you
about your old and other... Talent.
I gotta say. I would loooove to do
a big snake on your chest.
Wow. I'd actually pay full price
for that. Carl.
Uh. can we talk about the map first?
Deal!
Ok. cool! It belonged to...
Queen Ingrid the Indecisive yes.
I recognize her style.
What are you doing?
I'm going to look for
phantom settlements.
Intentional errors to signify
the treasures location.
She used to do it this way.
Ohhh. and whatever's not on that map
is the location of the Groundhog!
Waawh. Look who can spell 'cat' when
you spot him the 'C' and the 'A.'
See this chain of hills.
They are called the sundial hills.
The nine o'clock hill
has been voluntarily removed.
If you are looking for the treasure.
then it's definitely here.
Hmmm strange... An untrained eye would
never have noticed this.
but at this exact location.
there is a second error.
Something else is buried there. Less
important I would say. but still...
Thank you Carl.
you've been a great help!
Wowowow. not so fast...
Now let's get down to business.
My latest creation...
But what the heck is this?
There's no way I'm paying for this.
this looks nothing like my love!
That looks exactly like Evelyn.
You just don't understand genius.
Oh yeah?! Then I'm not the only one
since your other clients just took off.
What??
Chickenhaaaaare!!!!
Phew.. hehe... That was close!
Too close.
Wait. that building
wasn't there ten minutes ago...
- Hello there!
- Crolloq!
- Not her again!
- What are you doing here?
I heard you were looking for
the Groundhog...
Therefore. so am I...
And for that. I need that map.
Oh by the way...
I asked some friends to join the party.
Piggies.
That's all we needed...
Oooooh. that one is cute!
Look. if this is about your god
Santoro. we didn't mean to anger him.
Yeah. yeah. Our bad.
we were just trying to not get thrown
into the volcano. eheh.
Huuuh. nice try Meg!
Let's go!
This way!
- Abe?
- Anyone...? Help?
I'm coming!
- Now what?
- Uuuuh. I don't know...
- Whaaw! What a plan!
- Watch out!
Ouch! What is this...
Hey!! Wakey-Wakey!!
What the heck are you doing up there!!
Gina. this way!
Uh-oh!
Jump!
Ouch!!
- Gina!! You're alright?
- I'm fine.
Hey you! We're not done yet!
Oh uhh. alright! Come on in hehe!
Abe. hurry!!
Is everyone okay?
Yeah! We're good.
- Chickenhare... We need a plan.
- Alright.
Okay. um... If we go to the jungle
first... And then the...
Let's face it. Chickenhare...
We won't have time to find
the two treasures before sunset.
- We need to split up.
- What?
- You and I go for the Groundhog.
- But Meg and Abe...
They'll be fine!
You said it yourself...
They are the best adventurers
you know...
You're not pulling right!
- Your shell is too big!
- How dare you?
- Okay. it's not that big. it's just...
- I don't wanna talk about it...
That's our stop anyway.
- We need to split up.
- Sorry. what?!
- Must be sunstroke...
- You guys go to the eastern point!
We meet tonight at the beach
to the North.
Uuh. uh... Okay...
What? No. it's not...
What's the opposite of okay?
Okay not. okay not. okay not!
Chickenhare.
we have to go.
Remind me to replace Chickenhare
as my Emergency Contact.
She'll never let go!
Abe. I want you to follow the river.
I'll catch up with you!
Hahahah. good one Meg!
Let's abandon Abe once again...
Meg??
Let's end this.
Meg?
Alright. so... If we go this way.
we will be at the nine o'clock hill
before nine o'clock.
- Why don't I wrap that better for you.
- It's fine.
I don't want to brag. but in Junior
Adventurers. I got the Mummy Award.
I said it's fine!
Sorry. I was just trying to be...
- Nice?
- Brotherly.
Thank you. It just hurts. that's all.
I think we're getting really close
to finishing each other's sentences.
- That's what I was...
- Thinking?
This is the way I always hoped
it would be.
What is?
When I would find out that
I had a sister or brother.
Tell me more about our family.
What about our father?
His name is Grong.
he's our great leader.
And... What about our mother?
Her name... Her name was... Elora.
Was...?
Oh... I see...
Where do you think you're going.
little mouse?
Well. without your legs.
I guess you won't go very far.
Your master trained you well.
Oh what am I saying.
I was your master!
You want that?
Come get it!
How did you?
How? Obviously when you put me
in that hole.
the toxic fumes I inhaled daily
made me immune...
To your charms.
Ok. you won...
- Take it.
- What. you're giving up already?
Not so fast!
We're not done yet.
How... do you think... fighting me...
is going to make me...
want to team up with you again?
It doesn't matter... when I have the
Groundhog... Everything will change.
I didn't leave because I wanted another
partner. Crolloq...
I left
to get out of your reach.
Follow the river.
That's all we gotta do. Abraham.
What we don't need to do is focus on
all the sounds
in the Never-Ending-Jungle-
that has to be a misnomer. right?
Probably named by someone who was
trying to impress a colleague.
"Oh. you found the Peninsula-That-
Should-Be-An-Island.
Well.
I found the Never-Ending-Jungle..."
What was that?!
Is there somebody there?!
Meg. that's you. right?!
This is just you messing with me for
some unknown. and sadistic reason?!
Right?!
I can't take it!
Just come out and finish me off.
pleaaase!
Cutie pie again!!
Oh. come on don't do that!
How did you find me?
I thought I was rather discreet.
Didn't your friends come with you?
Are you all alone?
It's ok...
I know what it feels like.
My friends have abandoned me too.
Hey. what if we team up together?
Yeah! A walker like me. a fighter
like you. nothing would stop us.
My name's Abe. what's yours?
"Squeak"... Uh! I love it!
In your face!
Are you... Are you a chickenhare too?
- Are you a chickenhare?
- We gotta get going...
I'm not going anywhere until
you tell me what's going on?
- Chickenhare. we don't have time!
- You lied to me!!!
Believe me. I'll explain everything
after we get the Groundhog.
No!! Tell me the truth!
I'm not a chickenhare.
I'm a harechicken.
- That's what we call ourselves.
- So everyone on your island...?
They're all harechickens.
It all began eons ago.
at that time we were simple hares.
When King Bartolomeo the Impatient
summoned our ancestors
to court martial...
Our clan will not take part
in your senseless war. King Bartolomeo.
You dare to disobey me?!
You think you're above me.
but you will pay for your arrogance.
I will turn you into monsters...!
They were labeled freaks. monsters.
And so they sailed the seas
until they found an island that
was hidden from the known world.
And that's where we've lived.
ever since.
Why didn't you tell me the truth
from the beginning?
I had to make you believe that you were
special. that you were the Chosen One.
No. you didn't.
I would have helped you.
Now that I know you better.
I know you would...
If I wasn't the Chosen One.
then why did our father choose me
to be adopted by King Peter?
Because... You looked more like a hare.
Normal.
Father thought that King Peter would be
more likely to adopt you...
So while you were living
in Featherbeard as a prince...
I was preparing for my role
in our father's plan...
To be able to pass as a chicken.
- Gina. You don't have to hide anymore.
- Yes. I have to.
You might not remember
how people treated you
before the Hamster of Darkness...
Of course. I do!
But things have changed!
Good for you! But that's because you're
a prince and a famous adventurer!!
- No. that's not true!
- It is!
So spare me the whole
"what makes us different
is what makes us special" platitudes.
You're not special. Chickenhare.
you're just lucky.
Okay. Let's get going.
Crolloq. you're okay?
No. ouch...
Oh no. nooo.
Noooo!!
- Not again...!!
- Crolloq...
There's even less of a sliver
of daylight than last time!
- Crolloq. calm down!
- I can't do it...!
... I can't survive another five years
on tiny insects and tiny grubs!
Hey hey hey... Look at me...
Look at me. Calm down. breathe.
That's it... Good!
How'd you lead us into a pit?
What? You were trying to capture me!
Well. I wouldn't try if you weren't
running away all the time!
Just to make sure... You know
I don't belong to you. right?
I care about you!
What's wrong with that?!
Seriously. you are not caring Crolloq.
you are possessive and bossy.
-Oh. now you're exaggerating-
-I'm not!
This is exactly why I had to leave.
because it has never been
a partnership.
It took me some time to
figure that out.
but I finally realized that
our relationship was unhealthy.
Unhealthy...?!
Who was protecting you
from Billy Goat Jones at school?
And who taught you how to lock the
teachers' restroom from the outside!
Poor Mrs Ableton.
we really were silly teenagers...!
I just wanted to keep making memories
like those...
To keep pushing the bad ones down.
My mother was right.
I am not good at anything...
Wait. she told you that??!
Just before leaving for the quest of
the Boomerang that Never Returns...
That was the last time I saw her.
She was a great adventurer too.
you know?
You never told me about it...
What difference would it have made!
I'm over it now.
Plus I brought back more treasures
than she ever found.
The only thing I miss is...
Us.
Together.
Crolloq. it's not just about us.
You miss friendships.
But you want it so badly
and so desperately
that you spoil it by using people
who care for you as mere tools.
So... You've just said that
you cared for me?
I did. and I still do...
But in my way. not yours.
I know two little guys who care about
you too. in their own way.
Miggie and Rolf? They're more like
henchmen or gophers.
But they are the animals
I am the closest to.
And when they're not being totally
annoying or creating havoc everywhere.
they actually are funny...
And warm.
I mean. as much as
a cold-blooded animal can be.
But eventually.
I'll probably chase them away too.
Well. we're gonna work on that.
No better time to change
than the present.
Especially since they are
our only way out!
Change?! No. that's not me.
Oh! Cool pit...!
I approve! Very dark!
Guyyys!
Don't know where we go
But we take it slow
It is all we know
Just follow in our feet. yeah
Somewhat out of touch
Wanting not so much
Livin'. livin'. livin' a high life
We're livin' a high life
Only you and me
And we're counting up to three
We're livin' a high life
Come and see how
We're always out of reach
We're livin' a high life
No. Meg told me to wait here!
We're part of a team!
No. she does not wipe my butt for me.
I wipe my own. thank you very much.
Oh. really? You're gonna try
reverse psychology on me?
You really think that's gonna work?
Well. it's not!
Just so we're clear. I'm not going
because of your reverse psychology!
I'm going because it's not good
for my sciatica to sit for too long.
Um. question. Why'd you guys jump
in a pit? That doesn't seem very smart.
Because I missed eating tiny insects
and tinier grubs!
Oh. that makes sense.
We fell. you idiots!
Listen. I'm sorry that I just yelled
at you.
That I... Always yell at you.
Echo... Echo... Echo... Echo...
Echooooo!
I like that. Let me try!
Echo. echo...
Echo...
Would you get a rope?!
I mean. please.
Hold it. I'm having a hard time
understanding you.
It sounded like you said "please".
I did say "please".
Wow boss.
coming from you it feels so unreal...
Yes. believe me. it doesn't feel
natural to me either.
But I'm going to need you to please
find us a rope
or at least something long enough
to get us out of here.
Like a stick?
I don't...
A stick. why not...
Anything as long as it is long enough.
Aye-aye. capitaine.
I actually just saw a rope.
Oh. and I saw a stick. I go get it!
You're doing good!
That was not a rope.
it was a tree stump
but from a distance
it looked like a rope.
- And I found a stick!
- Perfect!
Rolf. give the stick to Miggie.
That's right.
now Miggie hits Rolf on the head with...
Whohow. hey! I think what Crolloq means
is that she... She trusts you.
She knows that if you work together.
you will find a way to get us out of
here... If possible before nightfall?
Is that right. boss!
It's true and frankly.
I should've said it a lot more.
As well as I should have told you
how much I valued you guys.
That's the most heartwarming thing
I've ever heard...
Me too!
Why... Did you jump?
To save you. boss!
Don't worry. Miggie and Rolf
take charge of everything!
I'm going to kill that tattoo artist!
Somehow he's even worse with maps
than he is with tattoos...
And he was the world's worst
tattoo artist!!
I mean... How could we trust him?
The second we walked into his shop.
I knew we had to be suspicious...
"Stand watch
when the sky's last alight..."
What are you doing?
"... All will be revealed
in plain sight..."
Chickenhare. it's useless...
Our sight is the definition of "plain"
and nothing is being revealed.
There it is!
- An X always mark the spot.
- What does this mean?
Stand next to me.
Woooowww!
My favorite part of any adventure:
finding the entrance...
- ... A shovel?
- It's worse than ours!
Yeah. it's worse than ours.
Maybe you...
Dig a hole with it?
Wow guys.
I didn't know you had so much strength!
Looks like these little guys are full
of surprises when given a chance.
Sorry for knocking you out. guys.
It's okay. Good luck finding
Chickenhare and Abe!!
What are you going to do now?
First get my airship back and then...
Well. I don't know yet.
Sounds like a good start.
Thank you Meg.
I'm glad we're friends again.
Me too.
Hey. how long will it take to get
my sense of smell to come back...
Oh me too. me too. can I get one?
Uumm. three to four weeks?!
- Let's go guys.
- Ok boss!
- And stop calling me boss!
- Sorry boss!
"Here comes the sun. have a lovely day"
The sun?
Don't worry. it's an adventure classic.
Wait... That means we're trapped?
Yep! Now. there is only one way
we can get out:
find the Groundhog!
Don't step on the red tiles!
I'll never get used to that "classic".
Oh. please don't tell me
we have to go through this!
Not through.
we just have to reach the center.
But... It's impossible!
And let me guess... We also have to
carry that "Sun" with us. right?
"When the sun rises
on an impossible day.
Keep your eyes closed
and let the tick show you the way."
What?
- This was Queen Ingrid's mantra...
- And so?
And so let us do exactly what she would
have done in a similar situation!
Close your eyes.
Now!
See! It was nothing impossible!
"Choose wisely"
- Ingrid was left-handed.
- Yes! It's gotta be the left.
But she wrote with her right hand
after a childhood accident...
- So. it's gotta be the right. Right?!
- Hold on!
Chickenhare. we are running out of time
so make a decision... Quickly!
It's a trick! Ingrid couldn't make up
her mind. So we don't!
What? How can you be so sure about it?
That's the whole point of an adventure.
You can never be sure.
Father was right.
only a great adventurer
could have done this.
Go ahead. this is your moment.
The Groundhog with
the Backward-Facing-Face!
Heey come on...
But what's going on here?
Engineer! Engineer!
Hey you! Are you the maintenance guys?
No..
I see nothing's changed in the eons
I've been stuck here -
nobody wants to take
any responsibility!
Gina. get ready to catch it.
Excuse me? Don't you even dare
thinking about it?!
Seriously??
I am a magical and powerful
rodeeeent!
Ouch!
Nice catch...
Watch out!!
Also an "adventure classic". right?
Yes. and my least favorite moment...
Reaching the exit.
Stop!!
There used to be a bridge here
3000 years ago...
Planned obsolescence. I guess.
On the other hand.
automatic doors work like a charm!
I noticed!
- And now what??
- And now. we fly!!
- What?!
- Seriously??
Well. technically glide.
I can't fly or glide!
No offense.
Open your wings. trust your instinct!
No. I can't!
And that's how everything ends up...
After a 3000 years wait.
What was that?
Has the concept of flight changed
in the last thousand years? Ouch!!
Landings are always
the hardest part of flying...
Well. technically the ground is.
Ready. sis?
Let me crack your back.
- No.
- Trust me...
Stop it. Chickenhare!
Stop being nice... Stop being... You.
Uh... Okay... I'll try.
- What are you doing?
- What our father needs me to do.
It's not the tree of life
you want to change...
You want to change us...
It's going to be better
for all of us... To be normal.
Then everything was a lie...
From the beginning.
- Are you even my sister?
- I am...
Really? Because you don't actually
behave like one.
- Stop...
- I trusted you!
I left my father. my friends behind
to find that damn Groundhog!
- Hey!!
- Sorry...
Please. stop!
How naive I was...
To have once thought I had a sister.
I'm sorry Chickenhare.
I really am...
Abe? Aaabe?!
Aaabe?
Hey Squeak. pull my finger!
I love an audience that
hasn't been exposed to mass culture!
- Hey guys!
- Gina!
Where is Meg?
She went after the nutty leopard.
Where is Chickenhare?
He's picking up a couple last-minute
provisions. What did you find?
Me and my new buddy here. eheh.
have found the second treasure!!
That's it?
I confirm. THIS is the royal
Earth Mover of Destiny.
So THIS the groundhog?
Huh? I demand a bit of respect!
You. little ignorant!
Oh. here comes Chickenhare!
Didn't see that coming.
Squeak!
You...
Chickenhare. are you okay?
Dad. how did you find me?
I did my best.
What happened?
Gina stole the Groundhog.
She's going to use it to change the
curse that made us all harechickens.
I'm sorry. Dad.
I thought I was helping them
save their island.
- She lied to me.
- It's okay. son.
I'm so sorry.
I too have my share of responsibility.
I should have taken the time to listen
to you.
What's done is done.
The only thing that matters now
is what we do from now on.
King Peter?
- Meg!
- Chickenhare!!
Am I happy to see you!
Where's Abe?
Abe... Abe... Wake up!
Mommy. I don't want to come inside
for dinner.
I want to play with my friends.
You're late!
- Watch out!!
- Calm you kung-fu down. he's with me!!
- With you?
- Long story.
- The shovel. she took it!
- Who?
As Squeak said. but less politely...
It's that traitor Gina!
- Gina?
- Long story.
This is not good.
We need to stop her at all cost.
This might not be the best time to tell
you that she's way ahead of us and...
Well... She took the last boat!
Yeah. that's why I said
it wouldn't be a great time.
Need a lift?!
- Let me guess... Long story?
- Long story!
It's Gina!
- Gina?
- You sure?
Gina. you're back!
Look at you!
We're so glad to see you again!
Father!
Gina!
Do you have it?
Oh... Sure.
- What's that?
- The Magical Earth-Mover of Destiny.
His shovel.
What's it for?
In order for me to change the past.
you must use the Magical Earth-Mover
of Destiny
to dig a womb out of the Earth
that I will emerge from...
We have to dig a hole with this shovel?
Yes. you have to dig me a hole.
And after awaking from a night of
restful sleep. I will emerge.
And when I see my shadow
for the first time that day...
Um. well. I suggest
you don't wander off because
magic will happen!
You did it!
Tonight. we feast as harechickens.
Because tomorrow
we become hares again!
Oh. yeaaah! I like it!
Make sure you cover me entirely?
Like that!
That's right!
Three years away has curtailed
your love for root sauce.
I don't blame you.
But thanks to you. our Root Sauce
eating days are coming to an end.
You're a hero. Gina.
- I don't feel like one.
- No. I'm sure you don't.
I imagine you feel awful.
that you betrayed your brother.
But you did it for our people.
for your people.
I can't tell you how many times
over the years I've asked myself.
How could you send your only son away?
And your daughter?
I had to do it. For all of us.
What will you do when you'll face him?
I'll do whatever it takes to get
that scepter away from him.
There! It's her boat!
You're sure it's here?
I don't see any tree on this island...
There!
We'll only have one shot at it.
Oh. Groundhog
with the Backward-Facing-Face.
awaken!
And bask in the rays of
the new day's sun...
Enter my shadooow!
What?
They want the groundhog! Get them!
What? Hey? What's going on?
No!
- Oopsie.
- Doopsie.
Gina!!
Where are we??
Congratulations.
you have opened the corridors of time.
Welcome to your Family Tree!
And now. the present becomes the past!
Time to move on.
Behind those doors are the significant
events of your family's timeline.
I'm your sister. Chickenhare!
Gina. come here!
Give me your hand.
Do you feel him moving?
Oh. mom...
Elora. are you okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
Mommy!
Promise me that you will do everything
so that our children...
Never have to hide from who they are.
I promise.
Elora? Elora nooo!
No...
Ahem. Could we speed up the pace?
- Take me to the rat king.
- We have to go deep.
- Fine.
- Wait!!
I'm your King.
my orders shall not be discussed!
Our clan will not take part in
your senseless war. King Bartolomeo.
But...
We were harechickens before the curse?
You think you're above me.
but you will pay for your arrogance.
I will turn you into monsters!
By spreading rumors about you.
By blaming every disaster.
every famine. every plague on you.
There is no curse.
we've always been this way.
You'll become unwanted
everywhere you go...
And eventually.
you'll end up hiding yourself
from the world.
all alone in your disgrace.
It was all a lie?!
All this time...
- Gina. are you okay??
- NO. I'm not!
What happens next?
Look. look! Land!
This is our new home!
See. this is how it all began!
The Rat King made us monsters
and since then.
we've stayed hidden from the eyes of
the world for our own safety.
One day. you will replace me
and it will be your duty to protect
our people from the Out There.
This way. we'll be invisible
to those coming from the sea.
What are they doing?
They're bending the tree...
Then. that explains why it got sick!
They do not understand that
I am doing this for their own safety.
They don't know how dangerous
the Rat King is.
He turned us into monsters!
It's my duty to protect my people
from their own naivety.
No!! I can't let that happen!
Gina!! Don't!
We don't have to be ashamed.
we don't need to hide.
He's right.
the problem is not us. it is them!
Yes! Let's stop hiding. let's fight!!
Gina!!
Freedooom!!
No!!
What have I done?
Gina. you're flying!
We're not gonna make it!
- That leaf on the right!
- Copy!
Ahem.
Could we speed up the pace?
- Chickenhare!
- Gina!
I'm sorry...
I'm sorry I lied to you!
I'm sorry I was so mad at you
for what happened to mom...
I'm sorry for everything I did.
Don't be sorry. I get it now.
What's going on?
It looks like we changed the past
by leaving it like it was.
Well. if you say so. I've never
understood that magic anyway.
I'm just a groundhog after all.
True but. now you're free.
Chickenhare. is that you?
Okay. job is done.
Now if you're looking for me.
you'll find me at the beach.
The Groundhog is free? So that means...
What have you done?
Father. I have to talk to you...
To all of you.
The magic took us back 900 years ago.
I saw our clan as I see you now. just
before the Rat King changed our lives.
We were beautiful. proud...
And covered with those flaming feathers
that make us who we are.
You need to believe me!
I have dedicated my entire life to our
cause and I was ready to die for it...
But this cause was a lie perpetrated
by our ancestors. generations ago.
We are not cursed!
We've just
trapped ourselves in a prison.
Not a prison! A shelter!
To protect us from the Out There!
I come from the Out There...
This is the only world
I have ever known
since I was a baby left alone
in a jungle.
And it was someone from the Out There
who took me under his wing.
Who provided me with all the love
a father could give his son.
It was in the Out There that I grew up
with a friend with a heart so big
that even his shell could not hide it.
A friend who always stood by me.
without ever passing the slightest
judgment on my feathers
and chicken feet.
And it was in the Out There
that I met
the strongest and wisest person I know.
She taught me to embrace
who I really was.
to overcome my fears of showing myself
as I am.
I hope that one day. I'll be
as strong and confident as her.
I have a sister and a father.
But it's in the Out There that
I found my family...
It's not a perfect world. and no one
knows what tomorrow will be like.
but I know this. People can change
and become better
when given the chance.
So give the world a chance to see you.
How?
Look at us! We're starving. how could
we ever find the strength to travel?
The first thing we need to do
is free our tree.
It is not sick.
Do you mind?
Together!!
This is what every adventure ending
should look like.
Well. I guess you can have fun with it
one last time. kids...
Just be careful with it!
Are you sure you don't want to come
with us?
I've got some lost time to make up
for... But you'll see me soon.
I have no doubt about that.
- We're ready to take off!
- Whenever you are!
Abe. Squeak. it's time!
Come anytime. you're family now!
Thank you. Meg.
Mm. speaking of family...
Your mother made this for me.
It's yours now.
But... She gave it to you...
She gave me so much more thant this.
Well...
So I guess it's time for me to...
- Leave?
- Go?
I've tried!
I don't need this to feel close to you.
I don't either.
See you soon. brother.
So... What's the next adventure
on your bucket list. son?
First. I have a question...
How did you find me on this island?
Mmm. well...
Carl gave me the treasure's location..
Wait. you met Carl?
You made him quite angry so... I...
Kind of sort of had to negotiate.
He tattoed you.
What? Noooo!
Right on the chest!!
So. what do you think?
Don't look at it directly!
And now.
it will stick in my mind forever!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-